Migrate Sidebar Navigation components to docs-ui package (#1415)
seek-oss/braid-design-system: packages/docs-ui/README.md

- [`LinkableHeading`](#linkableheading)
- [`MenuButton`](#menubutton)

> - [`SideNavigationGroup`](#sidenavigationgroup)

Reviewer: The readme still references `SideNavigationGroup` instead of `SideNavigationSection`.

Author: ahh whoops, nice catch!

| open    | `boolean`    | The Menu can either be open or closed. If open, the button will change to a close icon (defaults to `false`). |
| onClick | `() => void` | A callback function to handle button presses (defaults to `false`).                                           |

### `SideNavigationGroup`

> A group of SideNavigationItems, with an optional title.

Reviewer 2: 🚲🏚️🚨 Bike-shed alert!

Wondering if `SideNavigationList` is a better name, given it is a semantic `nav` element with a list of links. Thoughts? Then the description can talk more about the pattern than the API.

```suggestion
A list of navigation links designed for the side bar.
```

Author: I like it, but does it seem like list indicates it's the entire sidebar list, not just a subsection? Maybe something like sublist or section?

```tsx
import { SideNavigationGroup } from '@braid-design-system/docs-ui';

<SideNavigationGroup title={title} items={items} />;
```

#### Props

| props | value                 | description                                                             |
| ----- | --------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| title | `string`              | Optional title of the Navigation Group.                                 |

> | items | `SubNavigationItem[]' | An array of items in the sidebar, each linking to a specific docs page. |

Reviewer 2: Given this isnt exposed, have been playing with how we might show the structure here. We can play with this offline.

| open    | `boolean`    | The Menu can either be open or closed. If open, the button will change to a close icon (defaults to `false`). |
| onClick | `() => void` | A callback function to handle button presses (defaults to `false`).                                           |

### `SideNavigationSection`

> A group of SideNavigationItems designed for the side bar.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A navigation section containing a list of links, designed for the side bar.
```
